README.md, before:

# Administrate

[![Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/thoughtbot/administrate/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/thoughtbot/administrate/tree/master)
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/administrate.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/administrate)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/thoughtbot/administrate/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/thoughtbot/administrate)

A framework for creating flexible, powerful admin dashboards in Rails.
[Try the demo][demo].

> Note: Administrate is still pre-1.0,
> and there may be occasional breaking changes to the API.

![administrate](https://images.thoughtbot.com/announcing-administrate/DdP2CQfnSE23PI8AAnDc_Administrate.png)

## What Is Administrate?

Administrate is a library for Rails apps
that automatically generates admin dashboards.
Administrate's admin dashboards give non-technical users clean interfaces
that allow them to create, edit, search, and delete records
for any model in the application.

Administrate solves the same problem as [Rails Admin] and [ActiveAdmin],
but aims to provide a better user experience for site admins,
and to be easier for developers to customize.

To accomplish these goals, Administrate follows a few guiding principles:

- No DSLs (domain-specific languages)
- Support the simplest use cases, and let the user override defaults with
  standard tools such as plain Rails controllers and views.
- Break up the library into core components and plugins,
  so each component stays small and easy to maintain.

[Rails Admin]: https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin
[ActiveAdmin]: http://activeadmin.info/

## Getting Started

Add Administrate to your Gemfile:

```ruby
# Gemfile
gem "administrate", "~> 0.1.4"
```

Re-bundle, then run the installer:

```bash
$ rails generate administrate:install
```

Restart your server, and visit http://localhost:3000/admin
to see your new dashboard in action.

To customize the appearance, behavior, and contents of the dashboard,
see the guides at http://administrate-docs.herokuapp.com.

## Repository Structure

This repository contains both the source code for Administrate,
and a demo Rails app that uses Administrate.
The demo app is [hosted publicly on Heroku][demo].

- The gem's source code lives in the `app` and `lib` subdirectories.
- The demo app is nested within `spec/example_app`.

Rails configuration files have been changed
to recognize the app in the new location,
so running the server or deploying to Heroku works normally.

With this structure, developing a typical feature looks like:

- Add tests in `spec/`
- Implement a feature in `administrate/`
- Exercise the feature using the demo rails app (`spec/example_app/app/`)

## Contributing Guidelines

Use the following guides for getting things done, programming well, and
programming in style.

* [Protocol](http://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/protocol)
* [Best Practices](http://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/best-practices)
* [Style](http://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/style)

[demo]: https://administrate-prototype.herokuapp.com/admin

Commit message:

Add a link to release notes to the README

README.md, after:

# Administrate

[![Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/thoughtbot/administrate/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/thoughtbot/administrate/tree/master)
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/administrate.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/administrate)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/thoughtbot/administrate/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/thoughtbot/administrate)

A framework for creating flexible, powerful admin dashboards in Rails.
[Try the demo][demo].

### Warning:

Administrate is still pre-1.0,
and there may be occasional breaking changes to the API.
Check the [release notes] for important updates.

[release notes]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/administrate/releases

![administrate](https://images.thoughtbot.com/announcing-administrate/DdP2CQfnSE23PI8AAnDc_Administrate.png)

## What Is Administrate?

Administrate is a library for Rails apps
that automatically generates admin dashboards.
Administrate's admin dashboards give non-technical users clean interfaces
that allow them to create, edit, search, and delete records
for any model in the application.

Administrate solves the same problem as [Rails Admin] and [ActiveAdmin],
but aims to provide a better user experience for site admins,
and to be easier for developers to customize.

To accomplish these goals, Administrate follows a few guiding principles:

- No DSLs (domain-specific languages)
- Support the simplest use cases, and let the user override defaults with
  standard tools such as plain Rails controllers and views.
- Break up the library into core components and plugins,
  so each component stays small and easy to maintain.

[Rails Admin]: https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin
[ActiveAdmin]: http://activeadmin.info/

## Getting Started

Add Administrate to your Gemfile:

```ruby
# Gemfile
gem "administrate", "~> 0.1.4"
```

Re-bundle, then run the installer:

```bash
$ rails generate administrate:install
```

Restart your server, and visit http://localhost:3000/admin
to see your new dashboard in action.

To customize the appearance, behavior, and contents of the dashboard,
see the guides at http://administrate-docs.herokuapp.com.

## Repository Structure

This repository contains both the source code for Administrate,
and a demo Rails app that uses Administrate.
The demo app is [hosted publicly on Heroku][demo].

- The gem's source code lives in the `app` and `lib` subdirectories.
- The demo app is nested within `spec/example_app`.

Rails configuration files have been changed
to recognize the app in the new location,
so running the server or deploying to Heroku works normally.

With this structure, developing a typical feature looks like:

- Add tests in `spec/`
- Implement a feature in `administrate/`
- Exercise the feature using the demo rails app (`spec/example_app/app/`)

## Contributing Guidelines

Use the following guides for getting things done, programming well, and
programming in style.

* [Protocol](http://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/protocol)
* [Best Practices](http://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/best-practices)
* [Style](http://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/style)

[demo]: https://administrate-prototype.herokuapp.com/admin
