docs/customizing_dashboards.md, before:

# Customizing Dashboards

In order to customize which attributes get displayed for each resource,
edit the dashboard file generated by the installation generator.

By default, the file will look something like this:

```ruby
require "administrate/dashboard/base"

class CustomerDashboard < Administrate::Dashboard::Base
  ATTRIBUTE_TYPES = {
    id: Field::Integer,
    name: Field::String,
    email: Field::String,
    created_at: Field::DateTime,
    updated_at: Field::DateTime,
    orders: Field::HasMany,
  }

  COLLECTION_ATTRIBUTES = [
    :id,
    :name,
    :email,
    :created_at,
    :updated_at,
    :orders,
  ]

  SHOW_PAGE_ATTRIBUTES = [
    :id,
    :name,
    :email,
    :created_at,
    :updated_at,
    :orders,
  ]

  FORM_ATTRIBUTES = [
    :name,
    :email,
    :orders,
  ]
end
```

To change which attributes appear on each of the `index`, `show`, and `edit`
pages, add or remove attributes to each constant array.

Finally, the `ATTRIBUTE_TYPES` method defines how each attribute is displayed
throughout the dashboard. There are a number of `Field` classes that you can
specify, including:

- `Field::BelongsTo`
- `Field::Boolean`
- `Field::DateTime`
- `Field::Email`
- `Field::HasMany`
- `Field::HasOne`
- `Field::Image`
- `Field::Number`
- `Field::Polymorphic`
- `Field::Select`
- `Field::String`

Each of the `Field` types take a different set of options,
which are specified through the `.with_options` class method.
For example, you might use the following to display currency,
if the value is stored by the number of cents:

```ruby
  unit_price_in_cents: Field::Number.with_options(
    title: "Unit Price",
    prefix: "$",
    multiplier: 0.01,
    decimals: 2,
  )
```

[define your own]: /adding_custom_field_types

Commit message:

Add a test to verify that translated labels work
Problem:

There was uncertainty about how to create custom labels for fields.
In https://github.com/thoughtbot/administrate/issues/451,
it was suggested that we could use I18n translations
to solve the problem.

If we accept that as the standard way to set custom labels,
we should have a test for it.

Solution:

- Add a test to verify that labels can be customized through I18n.
- Add documentation about how to customize labels

To Do:

- Update view code so the same translation definition
  applies on the show and collection pages,
  in addition to the form page.

docs/customizing_dashboards.md, after:

# Customizing Dashboards

In order to customize which attributes get displayed for each resource,
edit the dashboard file generated by the installation generator.

By default, the file will look something like this:

```ruby
require "administrate/dashboard/base"

class CustomerDashboard < Administrate::Dashboard::Base
  ATTRIBUTE_TYPES = {
    id: Field::Integer,
    name: Field::String,
    email: Field::String,
    created_at: Field::DateTime,
    updated_at: Field::DateTime,
    orders: Field::HasMany,
  }

  COLLECTION_ATTRIBUTES = [
    :id,
    :name,
    :email,
    :created_at,
    :updated_at,
    :orders,
  ]

  SHOW_PAGE_ATTRIBUTES = [
    :id,
    :name,
    :email,
    :created_at,
    :updated_at,
    :orders,
  ]

  FORM_ATTRIBUTES = [
    :name,
    :email,
    :orders,
  ]
end
```

To change which attributes appear on each of the `index`, `show`, and `edit`
pages, add or remove attributes to each constant array.

Finally, the `ATTRIBUTE_TYPES` method defines how each attribute is displayed
throughout the dashboard. There are a number of `Field` classes that you can
specify, including:

- `Field::BelongsTo`
- `Field::Boolean`
- `Field::DateTime`
- `Field::Email`
- `Field::HasMany`
- `Field::HasOne`
- `Field::Image`
- `Field::Number`
- `Field::Polymorphic`
- `Field::Select`
- `Field::String`

Each of the `Field` types take a different set of options,
which are specified through the `.with_options` class method.
For example, you might use the following to display currency,
if the value is stored by the number of cents:

```ruby
  unit_price_in_cents: Field::Number.with_options(
    title: "Unit Price",
    prefix: "$",
    multiplier: 0.01,
    decimals: 2,
  )
```

To change the user-facing label for an attribute,
define a custom I18n translation:

```yaml
en:
  helpers:
    label:
      customer:
        name: Full Name
```

[define your own]: /adding_custom_field_types
